Create JafarRezaei.md (#20)
POSSF/POSSF: _networks/JafarRezaei.md

---
layout: network
permalink: /network/sayjeyhi/
name: Jafar Rezaei - sayjeyhi
github: sayjeyhi
website: https://sayjeyhi.com
email: sayjeyhi@gmail.com
instagram: sayjeyhi
twitter: sayjeyhi
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jafar-rezaei/
country: Iran
location: Tehran
role: Frontend engineer
languages: typescript javascript reactjs
---

I'm Jafar Rezaei (SayJeyHi) - currently I am a senior frontend engineer at a company callled Hoory it is an AI assistant and located in Armenia. 

> I wrote two books to make learning javascript and reactjs easier, they are open source and available in Mariotek github repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I wrote two books to make learning JavaScript and React.js easier, they are open source and available in Mariotek GitHub repository.
```

> ---
> layout: network
> permalink: /network/sayjeyhi/
> name: Jafar Rezaei - sayjeyhi
> github: sayjeyhi
> website: https://sayjeyhi.com
> email: sayjeyhi@gmail.com
> instagram: sayjeyhi
> twitter: sayjeyhi
> linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jafar-rezaei/
> country: Iran
> location: Tehran
> role: Frontend engineer
> languages: typescript javascript reactjs
> ---
> 
> I'm Jafar Rezaei (SayJeyHi) - currently I am a senior frontend engineer at a company callled Hoory it is an AI assistant and located in Armenia. 
> I wrote two books to make learning JavaScript and React.js easier, they are open source and available in Mariotek GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
layout: network
permalink: /network/sayjeyhi/
name: Jafar Rezaei - sayjeyhi
github: sayjeyhi
website: https://sayjeyhi.com
email: sayjeyhi@gmail.com
instagram: sayjeyhi
twitter: sayjeyhi
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jafar-rezaei/
country: Iran
location: Tehran
role: Frontend engineer
languages: typescript javascript reactjs
---

I'm Jafar Rezaei (SayJeyHi) - currently I am a senior frontend engineer at a company callled Hoory it is an AI assistant and located in Armenia.
I wrote two books to make learning JavaScript and React.js easier, they are open source and available in Mariotek GitHub repository.
```
